I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
The Noisy Night
Peppa's family are having a sleepover
at Cousin Chloé's house.
Hello, everyone.
Hello.
You must be tired after a long journey.
Yes. An early night would be nice.
First, we'll put baby Alexander to bed.
This is baby Alexander's bedroom
Alexander likes noise. It sends him to sleep.
We like noise in this house.
We're a noisy family.
Peppa, George, you're staying in my room tonight.
Oh, goodie.
Peppa and George are excited
to be sleeping in Cousin Chloé's bedroom.
Good night!
Night-night.
Everyone is tucked up in their beds. Asleep!
Baby Alexander is awake.
Peppa and George are awake.
What's that noise?
It's the vacuum cleaner.
Erm…why are you vacuuming at night?
We are not disturbing you, are we?
What? Oh, no!
We found noise is the best way
to get baby Alexander back to sleep.
He likes noise.
We're a noisy family.
Everyone is back in their beds. Asleep!
Baby Alexander is awake.
Why is Aunty Pig playing a trumpet?
To get Alexander to sleep.
The more noise, the better.
Is there another way that doesn't use noise?
We do find noise is the best way.
When George was a baby,
we used to put him in his pram
and wheel him around the house.
And that always sent him to sleep.
How strange!
No loud noises?
That's right.
How many times around the house was it,
Mummy pig?
Three time?
Fifty times.
Daddy Pig is pushing baby Alexander
around the house, fifty times.
Good, baby Alexander is asleep.
Can you let me back in?
I'll just switch the alarm.
Switch the alarm back on.
Peppa, what are you doing up?
I can't sleep, Daddy. It's a noisy night.
OK, Peppa. Let's get you back to bed.
Now, which bedroom are you staying in?
Stop, Daddy. That's baby Alexander's room.
Ah!
The light has woken baby Alexander.
That's all right. I've got the vacuum cleaner.
I've got the trumpet.
Stop! Stop! I remember another quiet way
we used to get George to sleep.
Oh, yes. We drove him around in the car.
I'll get the car started.
Don't forget the alarm!
Daddy Pig has set off the noisy house alarm.
The noisy house has woken everyone up.
It's Miss Rabbit in her rescue helicopter.
Is everybody all right, stand-by?
I have the alarm.
Yes, thank you.
All right, cheerio.
All that loud noise
has sent baby Alexander to sleep.
He's really fast asleep now.
All thanks to my noisy daddy.
Well done, Daddy Pig.
We should have you to stay more often.